SAD: Simphiwe Simz Ngema's reaction to Dumi being shot Published: 03 August 2017 Written by Online Writer Share on Facebook View Comments Ngema did not say her final goodbyes in hospital as she believed Dumi would recover. Rhythm City actor Dumi Masilela died following a hijacking ordeal on Wednesday evening in Tembisa. Masilela spent the night fighting for his life in hospital after being shot during an attempted hijacking. According to Masilela family spokesperson Mpumi Phillips, Dumi&rsquo;s widow Simphiwe &lsquo;Simz&rsquo; Ngema was told on Wednesday evening that her husband had been shot and was being taken to a hospital in Tembisa She reportedly rushed to the hospital to be at his side. &ldquo;Simphiwe arrived at the hospital and Dumi was conscious enough to speak to her. She embraced him. He kept telling doctors he was in pain so Simphiwe did her best to comfort him and keep his spirits up. They spent time together while doctors evaluated him,&rdquo; Phillips told TshisaLIVE. Ngema reportedly held her husband and tried to comfort him in the hours leading to his death. However, the former Muvhango actor refused to say her final goodbyes to her husband as she had faith he would pull through. She did not believe her husband would die. &ldquo;He was rushed off to theatre to attend to the wounds and, after five hours of surgery, the doctors came out to tell Simphiwe that Dumi had died. She was supported by a close friend but was in serious shock.&rdquo; Rhythm City has released a statement expressing their condolences. &ldquo;We are shattered! Dumi Masilela has passed away. Our deepest condolences to his family, friends and #RhythmCity colleagues. &ldquo;He passed in a hijacking on Wednesday 2 August. Dumi played the role of Sifiso on Rhythm City for the past 5 years. e.tv sends their condolences to Dumi&rsquo;s family, friends and Rhythm City colleagues,&rdquo; the soapie said. View the discussion thread. blog comments powered by DISQUS back to top Google Tweet Pin it Tweet Next