Teachers who beat up pupils will lose jobs Published: 16 September 2017 Written by news24 Share on Facebook View Comments Corporal punishment is a manifestation of the violence that is endemic in South African society and in many ways is used to exert a form of control. This was said by Basic Education Minister Angie Motshekga, who addressed the media this morning on corporate punishment and other issues facing schools. Motshekga said that a half of South Africa&rsquo;s pupils had experienced corporal punishment at one point in their schooling career. In South Africa corporal punishment was declared unlawful 20 years ago under the Abolition of Corporal Punishment Act. &ldquo;Corporal punishment is an issue that has once again raised its ugly head. We have seen extremely disturbing videos emerge on social media of disgusting misconduct by teachers,&rdquo; said Motshekga. Social media users were outraged earlier this week when a video of a teacher in KwaZulu-Natal allegedly assaulting a pupil went viral. KwaZulu-Natal education department spokesperson, Kwazi Mthethwa, told News24: &ldquo;We want to send a clear message to any teacher who thinks they can hit children that we are not going to allow that. We have zero tolerance for corporal punishment.&rdquo; Motshekga said: &ldquo;It is evident by the emergence of the viral videos and reports from learner organisations that corporal punishment is still taking place in schools.&rdquo; The basic education department established a task team in 2015 to develop a draft protocol that is known as the protocol for the elimination of corporal punishment in South African schools. &ldquo;This protocol deals with the definition of what constitutes corporal punishment; this includes instances where learners are publicly humiliated by educators,&rdquo; said Motshekga. She said teachers who physically harmed pupils would lose their jobs. Motshekga said she was aware that many teachers required training in alternative discipline techniques. &ldquo;The second phase of the protocol will look at behaviour intervention and support &ndash; essentially, positive ways of disciplining learners.&rdquo; Motshekga said teachers should make use of de-escalation techniques to prevent incidents that lead to violence. The protocol aims to create a national framework to standardise a response to corporal punishment throughout the education system. &ldquo;We are working closely with Unicef on this project,&rdquo; said Motshekga. View the discussion thread. blog comments powered by DISQUS back to top Google Tweet Pin it Tweet Next