Sharks host depleted Cheetahs at Kings Park Stadium Published: 01 September 2017 Written by new age Share on Facebook View Comments IT RARELY happens that the Sharks get presented with a glorious chance of ascending to the top of the Currie Cup standings, while also getting room to blood their youngsters. Such will be a reality tomorrow at 4.15pm when they host the Cheetahs at the Kings Park Stadium, with Tythan Adams set to make his Currie Cup debut in place of the injured Kobus van Wyk. Inny Radebe, the talented Sharks utility player who scored the winning penalty try against Western Province last week, will get a chance to impress once more when he starts in the fullback position. The fact that the Cheetahs will head into the clash with a depleted squad as most of their stars such as Makazole Mapimpi, Sergeal Pietesen and Cecil Afrika that put in solid performances against the Lions last week could be contributing to the Sharks&rsquo; bullish approach. The Cheetahs players will be in action tonight in the Cheetahs&rsquo; opening Guinness Top 14 Championship match against Ulster in Belfast, Ireland. To make up for that, Cheetahs Currie Cup coach Daan Human, who will be getting assistance from director of Rugby Franco Smith, has chosen Blitzbokke star Chris Dry to lead the depleted and inexperienced side. Even the 47-12 win that the Cheetahs managed in Bloemfontein in what was the first match of the season does not look likely and the Sharks&rsquo; Radebe sees this as the perfect opportunity for the Durban side to get one past their rivals. &ldquo;We aren&rsquo;t revengeful at all, we just want to build on the past five weeks. We have some nice momentum going and we&rsquo;ll like to build on that. &ldquo;We&rsquo;ll take positives out of the Province game and work on the things we lacked in that game, one of which was creating lots of opportunities but not finishing them,&rdquo; Radebe said. &ldquo;While we enjoy playing attacking rugby, we also have a strong focus on our defence and we felt we defended well against Province last week, where they only scored two tries after scoring a number against the Lions the previous week. &ldquo;So as much as we want to keep the ball in hand and play attacking rugby, we still need to make sure our defence works, it&rsquo;s something we pride ourselves on,&rdquo; the young Sharks fullback said. The Cheetahs head into the clash top of the standings with 25 points from six matches, while the Sharks are second with a point less, having played the same number of matches as their Free State opponents. While the Cheetahs can only look at Dry, Luther Obi and Junior Pokomela for a bit of motivation, Robert du Preez will be content with his scary looking line-up that has among others Lukhanyo Am, S&rsquo;bu Nkosi, Tera Mthembu, Keegan Daniels and the experienced Thomas du Toit. Meanwhile, in other matches, the struggling Bulls will welcome the Griquas at Loftus Versfeld tonight at 6.15pm, with the Lions kicking off tomorrow&rsquo;s fixtures against the Pumas at the Emirates Airline Park at 2pm. View the discussion thread. blog comments powered by DISQUS back to top Google Tweet Pin it Tweet Next