10 Signs Your Girlfriend Just Slept With Someone Else Published: 21 July 2017 Written by Online Writer Share on Facebook I know that many ladies will not like this thread but the truth is bitter they say. These are perfect signs that your girlfriend just tumbled beneath the sheets with someone else Note: These signs don&#39;t work for badoos 1. She smells of Fluid: This mostly happens when a lady fails to shower or clean up herself aftermath of the deed 2. She rushes to the bathroom: Just when your girlfriend returns from somewhere and the first thing she does is rush to the bathroom to clean up and sleep afterwards, something suspicious is happening. 3. She smiles sheepishly: The moment she sets her eyes on you after sleeping with someone else she will be smiling sheepishly even when situation does not warrant that smile. This may be due to guilty conscience. 4. She tries to avoid eyes contact with You: Another sign that your girlfriend just tumbled beneath the sheet with another dude is that she will avoid eyes contact with you during conversation. &nbsp;5. Her shirt looks Rough and Dirty: The region of the left and right side of her breast pockets will be slight rough and dirty since na that region guys dey squeeze pass. 6. She would turn down your advances: Just after she has made love with another person and you try to coerce her into love making, she won&#39;t be excited to have intimacy with you. 7. She spends more time in the toilet 8. She starts nagging unnecessarily: She flares up the moment you ask what kept her so long. She will go mad telling you to stop getting her upset with you irrelevant question and that you don&#39;t trust her to have asked such a question 9. Her lipstick is wiped off: Another way to know that she just got laid with someone else is that her lipstick will be wiped off, there&#39;s high tendency that she has locked her lips with someone else. 10. Her make up is freshly applied: Another sign to watch out for is that her make-up is freshly applied. Her hair will be well packed, her clothes well adjusted and sprays perfume. Google Tweet Pin it Tweet Next Comments (0 ) There are no comments posted here yet &nbsp; Quick Login Username Password Login Sign Up Leave your comments Posting comment as a guest. Sign up or login to your account. 0 Characters Attachments (0 / 3) Share Your Location Name (Required): Email Cancel Submit Comment